Next, what are we going to do is let's add a few model to our.
Screen, which is going to be our book details, screen details is close this down, so distracted.
So details command new class and.
Details the model like this.
OK, let's not forget to add the at hilt view model search, and we are going to inject here
a constructor with our repository because we need again the repository by storybook repository to go
to book repository.
Remember, we have this get book info function there, which again gets the information about the book.
So get the book info.
We have that path.
This is books API, which is connected to our retrofit.
And of course, let's not forget that this is a field model like that.
OK, it's going to be very simple, really, because all we're going to do has to suspend function,
they're called this get book info and we're going to pass a book ID as a strain and we're going to return
in this case, a resource and use our resource that we use before to wrap things around.
Item by section.
OK.
Make sure we get our item or not and content clip or any other item, so it's important to always get
the one that we created.
So what are we going to do?
First, we turn our repository dad cat book and pass our book idea.
OK, so we are now going to see how to use that, you know, rather book details.
Now, let's test something simple here.
Obviously, we need to pass after a book.
Is there that we're receiving?
We are going to also pass a few models if the model details of your model.
And I'm just going to say hilt the Model S..
OK, so let's see if we can get some data.
Right.
So right about here.
And once they view model, well, let's say final data, say that a view model and get the book and
I'm going to pass the book ID, which is going to be the book ID.
We should have passed right there so you can see that we have a problem here because they suspend function.
That book should be called only from a call routine or another suspension function.
That makes sense because if we go back to to our view model, which which I've lost, somehow, if we
go back here, you can see this is a suspend function.
And instead are going to say the view model scope would launch such and then and then have some sort
of variable.
But if we do that, that means then we have to have a variable at the top here, for instance, a type
of resource item that would then inside here we can see that item and then set that to our repository
that we get to book in full pass.
Of course, her book ID S.K..
And that would work, of course.
Then we're going to take that item and return it.
And that's totally fine.
But this is a different way of doing things.
So I'm going to show you something here, so let's get rid of that altogether.
The other way we're going to make this work is as follow, we can actually invoke another mechanism
here that will produce a state that we need so that we can bypass this issue we have in here.
What I mean by that is as follows Look at this a safe owl book info.
And then when I say produce state, look at that, just take that first one, OK?
So when you produce a state, we have to be mindful of the types because we're producing this state
for what we're producing the state for, in this case, our resource item type that is being returned
from our cookbook info.
That means then for our initial value here, I'm going to say resource because that's the type.
Make sure we're getting our tag resource type there.
It's very important.
And when I say that loading in this case, just pass nothing.
And then for a producer, because it's going to be a I can just get rid of all of that and go like this.
But this is going to be problematic still because we still have to add the type of this producer here.
Right?
So I'm going to have to put inside of angle brackets when I say it's going to be a resource type again,
that ours is going to be just of item again.
Make sure we get our item on a model item like this.
OK, so the type has to be attached to say, what types are we expecting to produce this date for?
OK, so initial value, I'm going to say we source is going to be loading.
And then inside here, you can see that this is where it says this produce state scope.
So this is where the state is being produced per se.
So we can then get a value there is like this.
So the value is going to be what?
Well, it's going to be the resource item.
So that's being passed implicitly inside of this lambda.
And you can see value resource item like this.
Good.
So what we want to do with that?
Well, we're going to set it to what I'm going to say a few model, right?
Get book and pass or a book ID.
Like that, and once we get that book info, you have over.
Right?
This is going to be a state because that's what I'm saying.
We want to produce a state.
So we need to go and get a value just like we do with the mutable state or any other state.
Right.
If we don't use the by delegation, then we have to go and get that that state per se or the value of
that state.
So in this case, I would say that value.
So as you see here, I want to get the actual resource item.
So now this book info have over now is a resource item, which we can use to get the information we
want.
All right.
So this bypasses us having to go and do what we have done before, which was to put a scope here, a
few more scope and invoked at launch time so that we can do things in the back ground.
I could say something like this if we have that resource.
When I say book info is a resource item, right?
It's wrapped.
I can say DOD to get the data and it can go and say, maybe to string like this or I guess, let's see,
what else can I do?
All right.
Because it is going to be a book object, an item object of war.
So we have all of these variables, like volume.
We can see volume.
And then I'm going to say, title like this.
See, I need to go further to make sure those are knowable and proper those.
OK.
Let's see if this works.
OK, let's see.
Click Whyalla, the search for something different.
OK, let's.
Clique.
And we have an issue.
What is the problem?
Let's look at the problem that we're having here.
This is always.
Nerve wracking, OK?
No point.
Read a book details invoke.
Let's see what the problem is, let's go ahead and comment this out before we do anything, let's go
ahead and say log t just to see and I'm going to pass just the book info.
It's not.
Notebook info, Notebook ID Bank, book info and get the data OK and set to a string, that's fine.
And here I'm just going to say.
These days for details, and it's run once.
One more time to see what will happen.
It's open on Logcat when add to that there, so we can check it out.
OK, let's start again.
Can I just click anywhere?
OK, so it looks like.
Something happened.
Well, we see that details is no all right.
So we hear now, says Dietz, can see its forces know.
And then it's no, and then it gets something right.
We actually get a book.
So that tells me that we are running into the same thing that we ran into before that, the process
of getting information may take a little bit.
So the moment we ran this and we took that book in full right away and we want to add it to into a composable,
the composable is not going to get anything because it's going to read this first say, well, it's
no, there's nothing and give up.
It's not going to continue trying to recompose itself until it finds it that data.
So the smart thing in this case will change.
Everything anyway would be to check if the there is data right or going to say if that data is not all.
Or if it's no actually, we could just play around a little bit here.
I going to put linear progress indicator else.
You know, the case, I can just cut this and put it there and then get that information that I need.
It looks like we're having some issues there.
Let's replace with the DOT because it doesn't want at this point, it's not going to be all in the way.
That's why it doesn't need those.
All right.
Let's see if this works now.
That's right.
OK.
Hala, you can see it ran a little bit.
The linear progress indicator showed.
And then it went back, they start again, this one book, Flutter, go back, let's find, so let's
look for something else dancing like we did before.
Taylor, well.
OK, there's the title you saw that.
Let's get this one.
And voila!
So now things are working because we're giving it time with checking to see.
There's that delay that happens whenever you're getting something from the internet or getting data
from anywhere.
Something to keep in mind, always because if you were to do that right away, you saw what would have
that issue and be very confusing as to what's going on.
So that's the reason why it's always nice to put it logged here to log out to see exactly what the problem
is or the data, how it's coming in, as we saw earlier.
OK, forget, so this is not how are we going to do it, but at least it gives you some idea of how
to proceed.